Fix typos in docs (#1263)
earthly/earthly: docs/ci-integration/overview.md

If a local installation isn't possible, Earthly currently offers two official images:

- [`earthly/earthly`](https://hub.docker.com/r/earthly/earthly), which is a 1-stop shop. It includes a built-in `earthly-buildkitd` daemon, and accepts a target to be built as a parameter. It requires a mount for your source code, and an accessible `DOCKER_HOST`.

> - [`earthly/buildkitd`](https://hub.docker.com/r/earthly/buildkitd), which is the same `earthly-buildkitd` container that `earthly` will run on your host. This is useful in more advanced configurations, such as sharing a single `buildkitd` machine across many workers, or isolating the privileged parts of builds. [It's still experimental.](./remote-buildkit.md).

Reviewer: How about we reword it as:

```suggestion
- [`earthly/buildkitd`](https://hub.docker.com/r/earthly/buildkitd), which is the same `earthly-buildkitd` container that `earthly` will run on your host. This is useful in more advanced configurations, such as [remotely sharing](./remote-buildkit.md) a single `buildkitd` machine across many workers, or isolating the privileged parts of builds. This feature is experimental.
```
